The universe is not outside of you. Look inside yourself, everything that you want you already are.
Actually, your soul and mine are the same, we appear and disappear in each other.
Don’t be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth.
Raise your words not your voice. It is rain that grows flowers not thunder.
Know that one day, your pain will become your cure
Your heart knows the way, run in that direction
These pains you feel are messengers, listen to them.
I know you’re tired but come, this is the way
Be patient where you sit in the dark, the dawn is coming
Stop acting so small, you are the universe in ecstatic motion
Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. It will not lead you astray.
It’s your road and yours alone others may walk it with you, but no one can walk it for you.
Everyone has been made for some particular work and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
Why are you so enchanted by this world, when a mine of gold lies within you?
Love is the bridge between you and everything.
If you find me not within you, you will never find me. For I have been with you, from the beginning of me
If you are irritated by every rub, how will you be polished?
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.
In your light I learn how to love. In your beauty, how to make poems. You dance inside my chest where no-one sees you, but sometimes I do, and that sight becomes this art.
What you seek is seeking you.
Yesterday I was clever so I wanted to change the world, today I am wise, so I am changing myself.
Lovers don’t finally meet somewhere, they are in each other all along.
There is a voice that doesn’t use words, listen.
The wound is the place where the light enters you
Switch your phone off, Sit down, Watch your breath, You'll see All the missed calls and unread messages the Universe has sent you
